README.md, before:

# Sigma Cleaning

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

An application that allows users to enter their requests for cleaning to take the burden off of the business owner to keep a schedule.

## Link to Deployed Site

Click [here](https://sigma-cleaning.herokuapp.com/s) to go to the deployed application.

## Table of Contents

- [Technologies](#Technologies)

- [Installation](#Installation)

- [Usage](#Usage)

- [License](#License)

- [Contributing](#Contributing)

- [Questions](#Questions)

- [Pictures](#Pictures)

## Technologies

- React
- MongoDB
- Mongoose
- GraphQl
- Express.js
- Node.js
- Javascript
- HTML
- CSS

## Installation

Do the following to install:

in the file

```
npm i
npm run seed

```

## Usage

Just clone it from our repo and then install the dependencies.

## License

This application is covered under the [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.

## Contributing

Not accepting contributions.

## Questions

If you have any questions or comments about the repository you can contact us at our respective links.

Ryan:
Email me at ryan.carey18@gmail.com. Otherwise you can find me on GitHub [here](https://github.com/ryancarey18).

Josh:
Email me at jjellis1111@gmail.com. Otherwise you can find me on GitHub [here](https://github.com/Jaaarsh).

Scott:
Email me at scott.labelle@snhu.edu. Otherwise you can find me on GitHub [here](https://github.com/Scottl5).

## Pictures

Home Screen:

![Home Screen](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86500418/157147852-3ab59faf-140b-4295-a109-1add7557a0b0.png)

Login Screen:

![Login Screen](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86500418/157147895-984b9984-96cb-4d87-a0ad-d2fcad59c199.png)

Booking Form:

![Booking Form](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86500418/157148373-16c983f9-3268-4724-b5ec-64267cfd22d1.png)

Bookings:

![Bookings](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86500418/157148278-1922c9a4-8057-4437-8f96-be98ff09ff07.png)

Commit message:

updated readme to include hidden signup to allow use of booking page

README.md, after:

# Sigma Cleaning

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

An application that allows users to enter their requests for cleaning to take the burden off of the business owner to keep a schedule.

## Link to Deployed Site

Click [here](https://sigma-cleaning.herokuapp.com/s) to go to the deployed application.

## Table of Contents

- [Technologies](#Technologies)

- [Installation](#Installation)

- [Usage](#Usage)

- [License](#License)

- [Contributing](#Contributing)

- [Questions](#Questions)

- [Pictures](#Pictures)

## Technologies

- React
- MongoDB
- Mongoose
- GraphQl
- Express.js
- Node.js
- Javascript
- HTML
- CSS

## Installation

Do the following to install:

in the file

```
npm i
npm run seed

```

## Usage

Just clone it from our repo and then install the dependencies.

Once on the page you can go to /signup to create an account which allows you to view all of the bookings

## License

This application is covered under the [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.

## Contributing

Not accepting contributions.

## Questions

If you have any questions or comments about the repository you can contact us at our respective links.

Ryan:
Email me at ryan.carey18@gmail.com. Otherwise you can find me on GitHub [here](https://github.com/ryancarey18).

Josh:
Email me at jjellis1111@gmail.com. Otherwise you can find me on GitHub [here](https://github.com/Jaaarsh).

Scott:
Email me at scott.labelle@snhu.edu. Otherwise you can find me on GitHub [here](https://github.com/Scottl5).

## Pictures

Home Screen:

![Home Screen](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86500418/157147852-3ab59faf-140b-4295-a109-1add7557a0b0.png)

Login Screen:

![Login Screen](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86500418/157147895-984b9984-96cb-4d87-a0ad-d2fcad59c199.png)

Booking Form:

![Booking Form](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86500418/157148373-16c983f9-3268-4724-b5ec-64267cfd22d1.png)

Bookings:

![Bookings](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86500418/157148278-1922c9a4-8057-4437-8f96-be98ff09ff07.png)
